So welcome back, guys, in this module, we will going to learn exactly how header file works.
So if we understand exactly how header file works, we shall be able to save ourselves from various
compilation errors.
We shall be able to organize and design our projects better.
That is, we will be able to organize our head of file and source file in a better way.
I have seen even experienced programmer who have experienced close to four years.
I'm not clear about how exactly header file works, right?
So therefore I have decided to include a topic on header file all together in course how the files are
non-competition units.
So remember, the term non-competition units means that compiler do not actually compile the head of
files.
Right?
So remember, hydrofoils are non-competition units, but you still see Syntex error if you write something
wrong in the header file.
So if you see syntax error, it simply means that compiler boxes are compile the header file also.
Now, it is something that is contradicting with my first statement that header files are non-competition
units.
So we will understand this point when we will know exactly how header file looks.
Now coming to the inclusion of header finds, inclusion of the header file means hash, including the
header file in your source file.
Now if you have ever written USSI program, you must have hash include the standard or non-standard
header file in your C file.
So has including the head of fine in the source file is called inclusion of her fine.
No inclusion of of file simply works by following these three fundamental steps.
The first one is the recursive text substitution method.
In the second run, simply replace the hash include had a dot at a statement by the content of had a
dot which had the file.
So if in your source file you're writing a statement such as hash include had a dot edge.
So doing the compilation process, the compiler replaced this entire statement with the content of the
dot ahead of time.
Now the question arises that had a dot, as had the file itself can contain either hash included statement.
Now, if this is the case, then simply replace the nested hash included statements by the content of
the respective head of file.
So has to include b underscore how that statement will be replaced by the contents of B underscored
had each had a file.
So you can see that the replacement of hash include detective by the corresponding head of file is recursive
INM.
We will going to understand this point with the help of an example more collaboratively in the next
slide.
Now these three points that is recursive text substitution method and replacing the hash include detective
with the corresponding head of content.
Help us to achieve these two basic principles of C and C++ language.
The first one is that defined the structure definition first before use.
Let us call this principle as defined and use thumb rule.
And the second principle is that declare the function prototype first before use.
So let us call this principle as declare and use thumb rule so you can see that first rule is specific
to structures where a second rule is specific to functions.
We will going to have a discussion on these two timbrell in detail in the coming sleights.
Now let us discuss in detail that how the inclusion of header file in the source file actually works
in detail.